/**
We may want to create the following classes (Not necessary)
The file maybe saved as a CSV format
*/

Main: The entry point for the application, which initializes and runs the application.

User: An abstract class that represents a user. This class should contain the common properties and methods shared by both sellers and customers.

Seller: A class that extends User and represents a seller. This class should contain properties and methods related to seller-specific actions, such as creating, editing, or deleting products, viewing sales information, and creating sales.

Customer: A class that extends User and represents a customer. This class should contain properties and methods related to customer-specific actions, such as viewing and purchasing products, viewing purchase history, and managing the shopping cart.

Product: A class that represents a product. This class should contain properties such as the name, description, quantity available, and price.

Store: A class that represents a store. This class should contain properties such as the name of the store, the seller associated with the store, and a list of products available for sale.

Marketplace: A class that represents the marketplace as a whole. This class should contain a list of all the stores and products available for sale, and methods for searching and sorting the marketplace.

ShoppingCart: A class that represents a customer's shopping cart. This class should contain a list of the products the customer has added to their cart, and methods for adding and removing products from the cart.

PurchaseHistory: A class that represents a customer's purchase history. This class should contain a list of the products the customer has purchased, along with information such as the date of purchase and the price paid.

FileHandler: A class that handles importing and exporting files, such as product listings and purchase histories.

Dashboard: A class that provides statistics and information to sellers and customers about their respective stores and purchases.

Account: A class that represents a user account, containing properties such as the user's email and password.

CSV format example:
Product Name,Store Name,Description,Quantity,Price
iPhone 13,Apple Store,A new iPhone with improved camera and longer battery life,10,999
Samsung Galaxy S21,Samsung Store,A high-end Android phone with 5G capabilities,5,799
AirPods Pro,Apple Store,Wireless earbuds with active noise cancellation,20,249
